why do use Simulink over other debelopment Tools ???????
.same environment for development and testing which leads to resolving logic software remated issues in the initial development stage
.is auto code  generation 
.is graphical design because visualization of visualization of logic better than reading thousand lines of code
when to use Simulink and when to use straight flow ???????
.Use Simulink → for Mathematical equation and instantaneous operation  
.straight flow → for Event-driven logic 
what is solvent ??????
numerical methods to solve an equation so your model is treated as an equation and this solver helps to give you 
the approximate output for your model 
----there are two types of solvent
fixed →it takes fixed interval of time step
variable →takes variable steps to solve the equation of model 
--- which one to use for real time application ????????????
answer is : fixed because if you flash your software on a controller your controller will be operating at a particular frequency
it cannot magically change as per the rate of change of your signal
what is the diffrence in sample time and execution time ????
execution time : is the total time for which your simulation runs . can be equal to sample time or greater than the sample time 
the sample time : will remain constant . will always be the smallest entity. is the rate at which the blocks would update its values  
video 2
why we need sub system ?????
.to make your model look more simplified 
.sometimes due to design requirements 
difference between virtual and non virtual subsystem ?????
virtual subsystem :the ordre for blocks will remain same so this is just for graphical representation to make model look
more simplified
non virtual subsytem(atomic subsystem):brak 3la chik (Treat as atomic unit):::: each subsystem is treated as separate entity and when you 
execute it once the execution enters a particular non virtual subsystem it executes all bloks inside it and the exits 
...and also get to choose the type of function packaging you want to use for code generation 
design counter
difference between enabled and triggered subsytem??????
enabled subsytem so when enable condition when it is greater than 0 it will start updating once the signal is 0 or less than 0 it will either
hold or reset the output on this selection that is states when enabling hold or reset  



difference between transition and condition action??????
difference between mux and merge and bus creator 
mux i can put the number of inputs but i can't put the type 
bus creator i can put the number of input and i can put the type